links.md, before:

---
permalink: LINKS/
---
<span style="color:red; font-weight:bold; font-size:larger;">By {{ site.author }}</span>
<br><br>
[HOME]({{ site.baseurl }}/) ---
[LINKS]({{ site.baseurl }}/LINKS/) ---
[LOG]({{ site.baseurl }}{{ site.myloglink }}) ---
[TARBALL]({{ site.tarballlink }}) ---
[GITHUB]({{ site.githublink }})
<br>
<hr>

# LINKS

## Week 0
1. [Operating System Book Reference](https://www.os-book.com/OS10/)<br>
Learn more about operating system
Study various concepts of operating system

2. [Operating System Lecture Main Site](https://os.vlsm.org/)<br>
Place where i see my report, assignment, etc

3. [Scele Operating System part](https://scele.cs.ui.ac.id/course/view.php?id=3398)<br>
Where i find my online operating system class and do my quiz

## Week 1
1. [Looking for Various Basic Linux Commands](https://linoxide.com/linux-command/essential-linux-basic-commands/)<br>
Where i search for what command should i use when i am operating linux. In it, there is already a syntax that we need to type so that we are not confused about writing it on our terminal.

2. [Learnign Regex](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgBWp9EIlMM)<br>
For me personally this video is the best one i have found so far about regex. I was trying to search for a good explanation here and there but didn't find any. The explanation is very simple that I'm sure everyone watching would understand it

## Week 2
1. [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/)<br>
Place to explore lots of new things. Recently I watch a brief introduction about privacy and about cyber security and all of those i get it from youtube.

2. [Delete a gpg key](https://linuxhint.com/delete-gpg-keys-linux/)<br>
How to delete a gpg key when we only want one with a specific username.

## Week 3 
1. [Searching what will happend if i change my hard disk name with delete and recreate it](https://www.quora.com/Will-wiping-the-hard-drive-of-a-virtual-machine-affect-your-actual-computers-hard-drive)<br>
Help me to search the output of deleting a hard disk and recreate it, will it affect my changes that i did or not.

2. [try to figure out how to encrypt a file with public key](https://sites.radford.edu/~itec345/2013spring-ibarland/Homeworks/hw06/hw06.html)<br>
Help me to know what I needed to do while doing the pop quiz.

## Week 4
1. [Easy access C programming language compiler](https://www.programiz.com/c-programming/online-compiler/)<br>
Wasn't really sure how to compile my code for C in my computer> then found this usefull C compiller online from google.

## Week 5
1. [How run C files in linux](https://vitux.com/how-to-write-and-run-a-c-program-in-linux/)<br>
Sites that helps me to compile and run C in linux

## Week 6
1. [Resolving merge conflicts](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/resolving-merge-conflicts-after-a-git-rebase)<br>
I forgot to do git pull first to update my files from my github which i pushed from low memory (last week assignment). Then i found the command from this site to do resolve it.
<br>
<hr>
&copy; {{ site.copyright }} --- {{ site.author }} --- Version: {{ site.version }}.
<hr>
<br>

Commit message:

adding week 07 on links.md

links.md, after:

---
permalink: LINKS/
---
<span style="color:red; font-weight:bold; font-size:larger;">By {{ site.author }}</span>
<br><br>
[HOME]({{ site.baseurl }}/) ---
[LINKS]({{ site.baseurl }}/LINKS/) ---
[LOG]({{ site.baseurl }}{{ site.myloglink }}) ---
[TARBALL]({{ site.tarballlink }}) ---
[GITHUB]({{ site.githublink }})
<br>
<hr>

# LINKS

## Week 0
1. [Operating System Book Reference](https://www.os-book.com/OS10/)<br>
Learn more about operating system
Study various concepts of operating system

2. [Operating System Lecture Main Site](https://os.vlsm.org/)<br>
Place where i see my report, assignment, etc

3. [Scele Operating System part](https://scele.cs.ui.ac.id/course/view.php?id=3398)<br>
Where i find my online operating system class and do my quiz

## Week 1
1. [Looking for Various Basic Linux Commands](https://linoxide.com/linux-command/essential-linux-basic-commands/)<br>
Where i search for what command should i use when i am operating linux. In it, there is already a syntax that we need to type so that we are not confused about writing it on our terminal.

2. [Learnign Regex](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgBWp9EIlMM)<br>
For me personally this video is the best one i have found so far about regex. I was trying to search for a good explanation here and there but didn't find any. The explanation is very simple that I'm sure everyone watching would understand it

## Week 2
1. [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/)<br>
Place to explore lots of new things. Recently I watch a brief introduction about privacy and about cyber security and all of those i get it from youtube.

2. [Delete a gpg key](https://linuxhint.com/delete-gpg-keys-linux/)<br>
How to delete a gpg key when we only want one with a specific username.

## Week 3 
1. [Searching what will happend if i change my hard disk name with delete and recreate it](https://www.quora.com/Will-wiping-the-hard-drive-of-a-virtual-machine-affect-your-actual-computers-hard-drive)<br>
Help me to search the output of deleting a hard disk and recreate it, will it affect my changes that i did or not.

2. [try to figure out how to encrypt a file with public key](https://sites.radford.edu/~itec345/2013spring-ibarland/Homeworks/hw06/hw06.html)<br>
Help me to know what I needed to do while doing the pop quiz.

## Week 4
1. [Easy access C programming language compiler](https://www.programiz.com/c-programming/online-compiler/)<br>
Wasn't really sure how to compile my code for C in my computer> then found this usefull C compiller online from google.

## Week 5
1. [How run C files in linux](https://vitux.com/how-to-write-and-run-a-c-program-in-linux/)<br>
Sites that helps me to compile and run C in linux

## Week 6
1. [Resolving merge conflicts](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-git/resolving-merge-conflicts-after-a-git-rebase)<br>
I forgot to do git pull first to update my files from my github which i pushed from low memory (last week assignment). Then i found the command from this site to do resolve it.

## Week 7
1. [Using copy command](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/unix_commands/cp.htm#:~:text=cp%20command%20copies%20files%20(or,SOURCE%20file%20to%20DEST%20file))<br>
Not really familiar with the copy command so i searched it and found this website that provides the example of using copy command.

<br>
<hr>
&copy; {{ site.copyright }} --- {{ site.author }} --- Version: {{ site.version }}.
<hr>
<br>
